# CapstoneProject---BellaBeat

## Ask
### Business Task
Find the trends in smart device usage, see how these trends apply to Bellabeat customers and influence Bellabeat marketing strategy.

### Key Stakeholders
* Urška Sršen: Bellabeat’s co-founder and Chief Creative Officer
* Sando Mur: Mathematician and Bellabeat’s co-founder; key member of the Bellabeat executive team
* Bellabeat marketing analytics team: A team of data analysts responsible for collecting, analyzing, and reporting data that helps guide Bellabeat’s marketing strategy.

## Prepare
Crowd-sourced Fitbit datasets 03.12.2016-05.12.2016

This dataset generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk between 03.12.2016-05.12.2016. Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring. Individual reports can be parsed by export session ID (column A) or timestamp (column B). Variation between output represents use of different types of Fitbit trackers and individual tracking behaviors / preferences.

### ROCCC analysis of Fitbit Data
* Reliable: No; data was crowdsourced via different trackers with no determined gender (Bellabeat focuses on female market)
* Original: No; data collected from survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk vs directly from FitBit
* Comprehensive: Somewhat; data sample is low, 30 respondents but has a variety of output such as physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring.
* Current: No; data was collected in 2016
* Cited: Yes; Furberg, R., Brinton, J., Keating, M., & Ortiz, A. (2016). Crowd-sourced Fitbit datasets 03.12.2016-05.12.2016 [Data set]. Zenodo. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.53894

## Summary of Results
* Negative Correlation between steps and being sedentary up to approximately 10k steps
* Postive Correlation with time in bed and minutes asleep
* Postive Correlation between steps and calories up to approximately 15k steps
